
Speaker 1  (00:33)
Hey, Megan, it's leobam. 

Speaker 2  (00:35)
Hi, thanks so much for giving me a call. So do you want me to change your number or your profile? 

Speaker 1  (00:41)
Yes, absolutely, absolutely. Thank you. 

Speaker 2  (00:45)
How's it going today? 

Speaker 1  (00:47)
Really good having a good day, the weather's nice Sun's out. 

Speaker 2  (00:51)
Yes, absolutely, before we get a cold front. 

Speaker 1  (00:54)
And I know I know I heard we're supposed to have like negative 30° wind chills. 

Speaker 2  (01:02)
Yeah, it's gonna be pretty brutal. Hi, Samuel. Thanks so much for meeting with me. 

Speaker 2  (01:09)
Today is now still a good time to chat 

Speaker 1  (01:12)
Absolutely. I set the time aside just for you. 

Speaker 2  (01:18)
Perfect. Appreciate it. Well, what is what I see that you've applied to a couple positions would interest you in monarch. 

Speaker 1  (01:27)
So I really like so first of all, it aligns with my values as far as like all the other, compared to all the other casinos go politically and being like luxurious luxury style orientated, I watched the video I really aligned with that a lot as far as boot trapping from the beginning. And you know, growing something, I've been an entrepreneur. Uh, cater to the excellent customer service experience for people I know I've been I not only bet over back because I've been over 4 as I joke around, but like I make sure my clients are satisfied as far as that VIP experience goes and I think no matter what I'm doing at monarch? 

Speaker 1  (02:12)
I'd be a good fit because I just align with You know the culture, I'm a diamond, ready to be polished right? And then how the story goes. 

Speaker 2  (02:26)
That's exactly how it does love that very sounds. Good. Thank you for sharing that with me, are you currently employed? 

Speaker 1  (02:36)
Uh, yes, um, um, uh, but before I talk about that, I just want to say I'm a very functioning high energy, huge time management effectiveness person so before I start talking about my current situation, I wanna address in Squash any fears of burnout that you think I would get because This is just how I live my life. I only need 5 hours of sleep. I've been running like this for 20 years, you know, when I was a teenager, I needed lots of sleep and stuff. 

Speaker 1  (03:14)
But so I'm very much employed. But I'm not add capacity. So I've got a painting and construction company that I built from the ground up. 

Speaker 1  (03:30)
Well, it's most, it's painting, it's not in construction, but we're just getting into the residential world I mean the commercial world, I'm sorry, we've been residential and you know the painting industry. It's, it's feast-or-famine, okay, and I have set up a business that runs itself. I've hired Foreman, that quality control, I've hired worker bees that make me tons of money and You know, I've managed the whole customer service department like when you're running a business when you get to the top of it, all you are is VIP customer service experience coordinator and I make sales. 

Speaker 1  (04:32)
I pick up the garbage at the end of the job and I pick up the check at the end of the job. And I ensure, but beyond that, I'm 100% client experience the customer satisfaction. It's just what I do so, there's hospitality there. 

Speaker 1  (04:49)
There's a lot of sales of business and everything else, but I have an extra space to fill with my hospitality skills 

Speaker 2  (05:00)
Okay, so are you looking for part-time or full-time? 

Speaker 1  (05:05)
It doesn't like, what do you? What do you have available? 

Speaker 2  (05:12)
While I kind of like to learn a little bit about you more. That way, I can kind of brainstorm, some ideas of like what aligns a positional lines with your background that we have open. I know that you're interested in table games, but you don't do you have any table games experience 

Speaker 1  (05:31)
No, but I have my gaming license and like I have some gaming experience with my friends. I'm playing Texas, hold. Um, you know, I know the basic, I know the games? 

Speaker 1  (05:45)
I mean, I don't know back or rat are like the crazy ones. 

Speaker 2  (05:51)
Okay. Are you interested in becoming a life? 

Speaker 1  (05:55)
Yeah, yeah, see, that's that's what I was talking about. Now now, when you say career path, I am what you call a multi potentialists. Are you familiar with the term, it's fine if you're not like people are 

Speaker 2  (06:09)
I mean, I can figure it out and yeah, it sounds like you like to do different professions. 

Speaker 1  (06:15)
If not, it's more than that, it means that I have more exactly well, no, it's exactly that it means I have more than one true colleague like when you ask me what I do I don't say, oh I do this and I moonlight here, it's like, no I have a passion. For this, for this, for this, for this, for this, like, if you look at my resume, I also run a nonprofit that I founded, we're still doing that, we've got a VR event. Uh, February 13th, for older adults putting on VR headsets on them and taking them all over to Earth and do a beat saver getting that musical exercise in. 

Speaker 1  (06:54)
They love it. You wouldn't believe it, but so II do many things so I guess initially II don't need you to commit to me to full-time, because you don't even know me. But I'm confident that you're gonna love me so and it's just about, and you know mutually, you know, I'd, uh, it, it, it have to be like, you know, symbiotic, a relationship of course, but then if there's full-time positions that fit, you know. 

Speaker 1  (07:30)
I'm going to do that. I'm not going to leave behind a painting company that runs itself. Or nonprofit that adds, you know purpose and value and just what you do to my life that I can just do whenever cause I schedule it and tech pals is run by Volunteers. 

Speaker 1  (07:51)
Paint bomb is run by employees. I have a sales department where I'm the division director of this wall paneling company that I sell Which basically meant I built a website and I answer the emails that come in and I tell my distributor ship it here, they pay me, I pay her and I make like another. So I have passive like it's not passive. 

Speaker 1  (08:22)
I don't wanna I don't want to_how much work I do I have serious time management skills? And do a lot? I don't know if I totally Dodge that full-time part-time question. 

Speaker 1  (08:35)
But you know, like it ultimately, depends on you know, am I a good fit for the company do I bring in the ROI do I make you money Do I make people happy and am I happy and making money? You know. 

Speaker 2  (08:58)
Yeah, so thank you for sure. So it sounds like you spend all your time with all 3 of those companies correct. 

Speaker 1  (09:05)
No I also I also have this other totally volunteer activity with the long line emergency unit where we assist in search and rescue and you know, we'll get page calls for fatal accidents and well like, hold up the blanket. So family members don't see their family members with injuries and consistent with life You know, I'm also very into skiing in the winter hiking in the summer like I've got time I have so much time in my life. I also don't have kids. 

Speaker 1  (09:39)
I know like you're not supposed to be asking those questions and stuff I have so much time 

Speaker 2  (09:45)
Yeah, for. 

Speaker 1  (09:47)
For sure and like it's just one of my values. I'm just so industrious. 

Speaker 2  (09:53)
Yeah, that's that's really awesome. Did you go to school? 

Speaker 1  (09:58)
Yes, and I got the Bogo deal, buy one Bachelor's degree, get 1 free. I didn't know what the heck I wanted to do when I was in school. So I took a little bit of absolutely everything ultimately, I ended up with Aba and chemistry and ABS in biomedical science graduated Magna c** lauded with a GPA 3.86. 

Speaker 1  (10:23)
I never took any hospitality classes. I took you know, business 101I took some accounting, I took some economics classes, but mainly it was more like math and science. It's my very and then I got into the industry and was like, oh hell, no, this isn't exciting. 

Speaker 1  (10:46)
I'm not gonna sit in a lab all day doing the same thing doing analytical chemistry measuring stuff For like, let me give let me reference. It was 2018 and it was like $37500 a year. I said you must be crazy. 

Speaker 2  (11:05)
Uh, yeah, that that is a lot. 

Speaker 1  (11:09)
2 bachelor degrees with honors. Oh, and then I went into a PhD program, I actually went to 2 PhD programs, one for chemistry at Syracuse university, and before that again for chemistry at Virginia attack, and I'm a PhD candidate runaway. 

Speaker 2  (11:32)
What? What is what does that necessarily? I mean, I'm not sure familiar. 

Speaker 1  (11:35)
Oh oh, so I got to candidacy, which was like you have to prove that you have something that you want to research, that's valid and a plan and an SOP. And you present this and they're like, yeah, go ahead and do that, we'll give you your PhD and I did this. And I started, and then I said, no, it's not what I wanna do with my life. 

Speaker 1  (11:55)
And II booked it. And I made a whole new laugh for myself that I just absolutely love and like the butterfly, I'm constantly growing too and changing and getting into new opportunities. So you know, the part-time full-time question it just it, really, you know, full-time isn't outside my realm of possibilities 

Speaker 2  (12:18)
Yeah, well, that makes sense. 

Speaker 1  (12:21)
And we could even start full-time if you wanted to like it's January and my main gig is painting OK and then if I have to cut back to part-time or you don't really like me or you don't wanna give me full-time benefits, you know, cover 29 hours whatever. You do um not saying I wouldn't love but I pay a fortune out-of-pocket for my health insurance and like that would be cool. Tonight 

Speaker 2  (12:47)
So what makes you interested in the casino industry? 

Speaker 1  (12:51)
So I just love the whole vibe. You know, so the reason why I would be interested in dealing. It's because every once in a while, I like to give the universe an opportunity to bless me, I do a lot of good in this world, I employ a lot of people that take care of a lot of families, you know I do a lot of volunteer work. 

Speaker 1  (13:14)
And all I gotta do is flip over that right card to that right person, and they're gonna be so happy. I'm going to be part of this memorable, happy experience of theirs that they're going to remember, they're going to tip me out. You know, and just the alternate reality, so I'm very, very reality centered. 

Speaker 1  (13:35)
I don't even like watching TV. I don't, I don't, that's not? I don't book it into my time management schedule to get involved in that type of escape. 

Speaker 1  (13:50)
But the casino land is this escape, you know that a lot of people get with TV. But you know, it's this magic land it's, it's a place where like the possibilities are endless and people dream and people sit down at the table. And so long. 

Speaker 1  (14:11)
This is not like the poke. I mean, so fogero may be different, because people are competing against you, but like a typical table game where it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's all you know table win it's cool. There's good vibes. 

Speaker 1  (14:28)
Everybody's like fun, I mean, people gets, you know, you only bring what you can lose. So there shouldn't be f****** devastated people at the casino I imagine that there are, I, you know, I'm sure there are people with gambling problems that are not playing within their limits, they're going to be very upset that you have to do damage control with That, you know, there's that a**, but for the for the most part, it's just Magic fun, playland you bring what you can lose, and then you just, you know going to the fantasy land they'll just this escape of just pleasure in luxury. 

Speaker 2  (15:05)
Yeah, yeah, most definitely speaking of guest losing. That does happen quite a bit here and you know there's alcohol involved and other things. And so how do you think you would handle those stressful situations, and we're under pressure with an unhappy guest. 

Speaker 1  (15:25)
Right. So absolutely. So first of all, before I get into, specifically an unhappy guest, I work under pressure all the time, because I have that self pressure to just perform just just outperform absolutely all of my metrics that I've set for myself so I'm constantly feeling I want to pressure to just I feel like a better versus kick a** and just make the right moves. 

Speaker 1  (15:52)
So first of all with an unhappy guest. All situations need to be handled as much as possibly with respect to somebody's privacy. You don't really call somebody out on their s*** in front of absolutely everybody, unless the urgency of the situation merits it. 

Speaker 1  (16:19)
So that's first you have a private conversation second, you approach with empathy. And the saying goes like this, help me understand why da da da da da da da da da and then active listening and even if their trunk is s***, excuse my language, I'm sorry even if they're like really drunk and rambling on and on and you can't even listen you recite. Your childhood phone number backwards. 

Speaker 1  (16:56)
And it puts the look on your face like you are deep in thought, and it makes them feel so connected and like there's so much empathy going on like I'm talking. If you just can't and you gotta deliver some empathy, it's not the go to like definitely actively listen and then. Coordinate a team If needed or or empower yourself to make a decision that aligns with the company's values and policies. 

Speaker 1  (17:24)
Straight up so if there were a scenario where I thought that G, if I were had hodgel, where the RY mattered in this situation, I deem has a huge Roy and how it goes a very VIP clients with a lot of money here, we don't want them walking across the street or anything I met and depending on My understanding of how busy this higher up is I may elevate a concern and be like, Hey, you know, this guy, whatever it is, if he's got some small requests that's outside of policy. But he just spends a million dollars at the table with a stack of chip up chips of another million I mean, I can't think of a situation, but Cause I'm not in the industry yet, but I have the guidelines so and then you act promptly. 

Speaker 1  (18:24)
So you assemble your people and you gain action immediately and if you have to take action without consulting a higher up, I'm trying to think of the proper word that's not like inappropriate you. Don't Dilly dally around. You have to be able to act and have that that you know that damage control quick damage control instinct, as well as empowerment from your supervisor to act and make decisions on your own so long as they align with policy and have the casino's best interest for the next generation at heart. 

Speaker 2  (19:13)
Yeah, that was the most perfect answer. I could possibly think of you went into great detail. So I really appreciate that, that was amazing. 

Speaker 1  (19:23)
Thank you. I appreciate you being lavish with your praise and sincere with your approbation. As Dale Carnegie would say, was that auto win front? 

Speaker 2  (19:41)
Awesome. So my next question is my question for you to be a little bit more clear, are you looking for so okay? There's 2 avenues and it sounds like you're really interested in the table games so and because you have no experience with table games, we do actually just released our table games school dates so. 

Speaker 2  (20:08)
That is in in itself an own process, but we do have training for a table to become a table games dealer, which creates such a large career path. Is that something that you are interested in or are you interested in working for the casino? Are you looking for a position now or are you looking for a position now 

Speaker 1  (20:33)
See. I'm looking for a position now. And I think what is the 2nd Avenue that you mentioned as far as like working with the casino, and if it's full-time like, I'm available to jump on full-time. 

Speaker 2  (20:50)
Yeah, so the table games dealer school starts in late February early March and they are accepting applications right now. And so I think that you would be an awesome fit for that department and so what that looks like is and about one I will submit your application if that's something that you definitely are for sure going. Down that school has morning and evening classes. 

Speaker 2  (21:22)
But you do have to be consistent because they do not like inconsistency, because that's not how you pick up on the games, as it's only 20 weeks. 

Speaker 1  (21:32)
That's not how you pick up on The Game of Life, either by being inconsistent, consistency, is the key to success, absolutely consistency over talent. 

Speaker 2  (21:42)
Yes, awesome. And you got it. And so then ask so before so the the steps to take this is a 100 question. 

Speaker 2  (21:56)
Math, has it is timed or it is under a certain amount of time, but it sounds like you're really good at math, like you told me and you also have done chemistry which requires a high level of math. So it sounds like you'll be pretty good on that. What if you do pass that? 

Speaker 2  (22:16)
First round, then you go into an interview on a 1 on 1 interview and then if you pass that interview, you'll be going on a panel interview with 2 to 3 team members. And so if you pass that interview, then you will go into the training school and then at the end of the training school, you go for an audition, and then if you pass audition, you'll become A Table games dealer, you'll only be dealing 2 to 3 days out of the week and the other days it is full-time it'll be a pet clerk or a high limit cashier and 

Speaker 1  (22:53)
And what kind of car I'm just taking notes? What'd you just say? 

Speaker 2  (22:58)
A pet Clark and a high limit cashier. 

Speaker 1  (23:03)
OK, cool, this is so cool that you guys got a whole process like. What a thing you guys are doing with getting your polishing, your diamonds. You're not throwing rocks out on the table, good, I like that so. 

Speaker 2  (23:23)
Quite a selective. 

Speaker 1  (23:25)
Yeah, and I have. I have no, uh, no problems with the process and the the end things start now with 23 days a week and and yeah, so let's talk about working for the casino. Now, if that's something that we can talk about? 

Speaker 2  (23:47)
Yeah, absolutely. So I since you are good at math and you you know cash. How would you rate your current cash handling skills 

Speaker 1  (24:03)
What do you mean? I don't lose cash? Where am I ever full of money go no. 

Speaker 1  (24:09)
Yeah, like I can count cash. I can go, you know, lay out the bills like they do at the bank. I've seen the stacks of 2000s with the the 20s. 

Speaker 1  (24:22)
If I stand correct, I just did this cash job and it was like, Hey grand and we went to the bank. I met my subcontractor at the age of the first time we worked with each other. So we were all like paranoid handing over this large mount and we worked, so we've added the bank and Like took pictures of us, handing this money over and then text each other and was like paid in full received. 

Speaker 1  (24:47)
But now I've since done a lot of work with him. But like as far as like, yeah, I can make change, I can count, I can add, I can like not let bills stick together like that would just be an unacceptable mistake and like spilling paint. There's things that you just don't do that. 

Speaker 1  (25:06)
You just take extra time, so if you're like. Flippin over cash, you're gonna make sure that those 2 crispy 50s aren't sticking together. 

Speaker 2  (25:17)
Awesome sounds good. So it sounds like the 8000 is the highest that you've counted. Would you feel comfortable counting up to like 2030 1000 

Speaker 1  (25:29)
I was like, yeah, that would be cool. That would be so like just motivating for me to just see that to help conceptualize that amount of money and be like, yeah, because my view on money, there's just so much of it where it comes from and you just gotta get out in this world and make. Moves and shake things up and get earn it. 

Speaker 1  (25:53)
Yours and just to see that, like I'm proud of monarch monarch's done it from the ground up. Listen, talk about bootstrapping, like sleeping in the in the office I've um, yeah, I mean, I've been on food scarcity where I go to my employees and they got McDonald's and I look at them, and I'm like, wow, you guys got McDonald's money. Like I'm talking, I have bent over, but I've lived on nothing to make sure that my business lives on to the next generation and I'm not asking customers for early draws. 

Speaker 1  (26:26)
You know what I mean or something inappropriate or like doing a change order where I should have just bit the bullet and you know cause my content. I'm sorry yes, I would be totally cool with handling lots by that. Actually sounds like exciting and fun Like, I can count, I don't get distracted and like. 

Speaker 1  (26:47)
What did I just say what was that? 

Speaker 2  (26:49)
Again? 

Speaker 1  (26:50)
You know? I mean I'd be focused. I love, I love money I have a lot of respect for money. 

Speaker 2  (26:58)
Yeah, they're also built. You are definitely multitasking. You know, definitely I is always on the money but you know, I guess we'll be talking to you and trying to have a conversation and it's really important because we are so guest service centric, build those relationships because we do have a lot of regular, so we want to keep them as regularly. 

Speaker 2  (27:21)
So having that conversation, well handing out that money and making sure that there's no discrepancies as key to a lot of positions here at the restaurant. 

Speaker 1  (27:32)
Absolutely, so you know how you can do that like a little skill? So one thing in business is learning people's names like you learn somebody's names. Cause somebody's name is the sweetest sound in the world to them mess this name up and forget this name. 

Speaker 1  (27:50)
If you feel disrespected people feel like you know, you think you're better than them. You don't have to learn that whatever. So you make these important things that you need to remember or hold on to for a couple seconds into a sentence into something you can see. 

Speaker 1  (28:08)
So for names, because that's the same thing you're getting a piece of information, and then you're moving on, if you're having the conversation like you. Just counted out this money, but now you're like engaging in this, and you need to hold on to their name, so you go You know, Megan green eyes and now you've created a 3 word sentence that's a lot easier to remember than word because you've put it together in it. And then when you see this person and you see their green eyes, you can you know scroll through your Megan, green eyes, crisp green eyes well? 

Speaker 1  (28:46)
It's not Chris, you know. And uh, so so I would do the same thing. I'd be like, 3 pickles in the jar, and then, and just like you know, make these mental notes of things and then engage with the clients of the fullest. 

Speaker 2  (29:08)
Some details. 

Speaker 1  (29:10)
Yup 

Speaker 2  (29:12)
Okay, sounds sounds good. 

Speaker 1  (29:14)
And like being able to rest to like talk and respond to clients. I am the most. I'm so talked, I was the person in school although she talks too much. 

Speaker 1  (29:23)
You know, I am Smith social butterfly. I have things to say 

Speaker 2  (29:31)
Ooh I love that you're in the perfect industry, then because yeah, it's constant, you're constantly having conversations and also taking care of like things, you know, on the computer, whatever position that you're in as well, I know that you said that you have like a team any worked operations for your. Business, how many? It's what size is your team and for the painting ball? 

Speaker 1  (30:05)
Right. So this was in 2022I ran 10 employees and 3 crews and 2023, we scaled down a little at the smallest, I've had one crow of 3, but then 1 quit, and then it became 1 crow of 2. So I managed from 2 to 10 people, it's like it was 10 people at once. 

Speaker 1  (30:39)
You know what I mean, it wasn't like. 3 of you work on Mondays and 3 of you work on Tuesdays and it's you know, so people would request their time off and I'm like, okay tell me to dance and it's how we advance and then it'll be like, alright tell me 3 days before, tell me the day before, you know, so like I've got systems in place for managing People I know how to like I respect people, I think is key to management, because if you feel disrespected, you don't perform like one, if eat you down in your spirit and you're not capable and then on the other side, you're holding a resentment and you're bitter. 

Speaker 1  (31:34)
So I think it's like it limits your capabilities and your desires when you disrespect people So when I'm managing people, I am very strong on on respect, even if you have to have difficult conversations with people like you could just maintain maintain a love respect. I had a guy once before, I started my own painting company when I was just a little cocooned. Uh, he had a pep talk with us, and after he laughed, the guy turned to me and he said, so should we paid slower? 

Speaker 1  (32:19)
And I said no, I'm not painting at all. I'm going to my truck and calling him and yelling at him about how inappropriate that was and blah blah blah. This guy had no respect gave us, he would threaten all our jobs in a group setting. 

Speaker 1  (32:33)
When he's talking to one person he would, you know, belittle us? It was, uh, I don't even remember it was so traumatic I had to blocked it out of my memories a long time ago, but You know, you respect people. 

Speaker 2  (32:51)
Yeah. 

Speaker 1  (32:53)
I am how long 

Speaker 2  (32:54)
How have you been involved in the paintball? How long have you 

Speaker 1  (33:01)
So paint bomb started August 2nd to 2021, so 33 and a 1/2 years. 

Speaker 2  (33:10)
Why do you think they have liked working for you? 

Speaker 1  (33:16)
Well, first of all, so there's there's the respect there's the pay that's part of the respect. There's healthy work-life balance than I enable for people. Cause I always wanted to be that boss that I never had you know, if you have to have a sick kid, you drive your kid off. 

Speaker 1  (33:46)
I let my employers use her. Colorado mandated legally state earned sick time for her child. When her child was sick and she had to stay home. 

Speaker 1  (34:02)
I did not have to do that on any kind of level you know, you're required to pay 1 hour for every 30 worked up to 48 hours a year roll, over like that's the lot and you know a lot of people don't even know the law, and I tell them. You know, here are your benefits and they're like, oh wow, really thanks so much. I'm like, nah, listen, that's the lot, I respect you and PS you should like learn you're rights as a employee in this um, yeah, you know what I'm sorry, what was the question how do I manage? 

Speaker 1  (34:46)
How many people do I manage for with? 

Speaker 2  (34:49)
I was just asking how long you've had the company. 

Speaker 1  (34:52)
Oh God boy, do I have a lot to say to a simple question 3 and a 1/2 years? 

Speaker 2  (34:58)
You're totally good. Unfortunately, I do I would love to speak more but I do have to wrap up this interview and I have a few more questions for you f*** 

Speaker 1  (35:09)
Yeah, go right ahead. 

Speaker 2  (35:11)
Awesome. Are you comfortable with submitting a full criminal background check and drug tests? 

Speaker 1  (35:16)
Absolutely. 

Speaker 2  (35:19)
And then at monarch, we do have a professional image standard. So just going to go over some guidelines with you. If that's okay, yeah, we do ask, you know visible tattoos and if they are visible, they will need to be covered. 

Speaker 1  (35:32)
I have no tattoos. 

Speaker 2  (35:34)
Perfect. And I'm not sure how updated your pictures on your on your resume, but it looks like you have no facial person. 

Speaker 1  (35:42)
I have no facial fear, things, okay. 

Speaker 2  (35:46)
And then it looks like your hair. Color is a natural hair color. 

Speaker 1  (35:49)
My haircut is natural and not, if not naturally Gray or anything like that, it's a natural natural color. 

Speaker 2  (35:56)
Oh, that's perfect office. 

Speaker 1  (35:58)
Knock on wood, keep it going. 

Speaker 2  (36:00)
I yeah, striving for that awesome sounds good. So I have. Um, I have 2 positions in mind and it seems like you're pretty, you have good knowledge about using computers, I'm sure you had to live use a lot of excel in Microsoft going to school. 

Speaker 2  (36:25)
So it sounds like you're pretty good on that. Both of these positions are full-time, so that's when I'm a little bit, I'm not sure if he I know. 

Speaker 1  (36:34)
I'm ready remember I started this out when I was like, before you check my employment, don't worry about burnout like I am here I'm valuable. My business is well oil machine. It runs itself, I'm willing to jump on and excited to jump on full-time. 

Speaker 2  (36:50)
Okay, all right, yeah, we just we do value commitment just because it takes up. 

Speaker 1  (36:58)
Oh absolutely. It's a huge process to train people. It's expensive to train, you know what I mean and then it's expensive to vet and hire and you know it's damage of the team. 

Speaker 1  (37:12)
If you don't keep them, I'll take, okay, I'll let you keep talking. 

Speaker 2  (37:17)
You're fine. So the 2 positions I have in mind are a poker host and you can let me know if you're not familiar with either of these positions or I also have the players club lead. 

Speaker 1  (37:30)
I like well. I like the players club lead. I'm more of like a leader than AI imagine host is like what's that serving out drinks and stuff 

Speaker 2  (37:42)
A poker host would be in our poker room. What they would be doing is cashing out they would be helping, so I don't know, have you been a monarch before? Yeah, okay, so there's a our poker room is constantly full like day and night 

Speaker 1  (38:00)
I know I've tried to play once and then like you gotta get on the wait list and like. 

Speaker 2  (38:06)
Yes, so that's what a poker host would be doing is helping those guests get on list. Check them in. You know, if there's AC opens, make sure that the guest whoever is on that next in line gets in that C right away, I know time is very important to our guests also cashing out and cashing in guests, so those important cash handling skills would definitely be used or utilized all the time as a poker host. 

Speaker 1  (38:35)
Okay, that sounds cool. Tell me about the players club lead. 

Speaker 2  (38:39)
So the player's gloved lead is where you have a player's card so that would also you know, you'd be leading a team of the player club representative. Basically what he would be helping with is, you know, getting familiarized with your team and making sure that you know you support them in. Every way by helping guests, you know, if they have You know, creating an account, a player's club account, closing it, or if they have any questions or issues with that card, as well as having knowledge about our slot, tournaments and you know are 

Speaker 1  (39:20)
Events and promotions. 

Speaker 2  (39:22)
It's a knowledge. Yeah around because we also have 4 restaurants. I guess may ask you, oh what some of these show mayor post is serving tonight, making sure that you're up-to-date with all of the menus and foods that are being served and knowing just having a ton of knowledge about the casino for you to accurately give guests information and just really make sure that you know you have that positive and professional manner, and you know. 

Speaker 2  (39:52)
Giving them all of the help that they could potentially need to have such a like. You said a memorable experience. 

Speaker 1  (39:59)
Well, that sounds cool. That sounds like a bigger more involved position than I would like to do, because I feel like I could you know you can I feel like that's a little of the position? But a poker host could be more easily fulfilled with a less polished rock, I mean, the less past diamond, you know what I mean, but I'm willing to get some polishing here and Let's go for this players. 

Speaker 1  (40:24)
Club lead 

Speaker 2  (40:26)
Absolutely. Okay, per hike sounds good and then did you so I would like to move you forward with the next round of interview with the hiring manager. Did you want me to submit you to the table game school 

Speaker 1  (40:39)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm interested in all aspects of this industry. 

Speaker 2  (40:47)
Love it. 

Speaker 1  (40:49)
You know? And obviously if I fall in love with this position we like retract my application and hopefully somebody else could fill that spot, I wouldn't, I wouldn't start something that I'm not gonna finish, don't worry about that. 

Speaker 2  (41:04)
Would you so how a lot of our team members work full-time at the casino and go to school? Is that something that would be feasible or would you? Oh yeah, positions so you could go to school and also deal with your nonprofit 

Speaker 1  (41:23)
Yeah, that would be so cool to have a full-time position. Andrew the table gaming school. 

Speaker 2  (41:29)
Okay, awesome, perfect. What are some good days for you to come up in good days and times 4 you to come up and meet with a hiring manager. His name is Brian 

Speaker 1  (41:39)
Let me call my schedule here. I'm excited about this. Thank you for the opportunity to level up to the next step of hiring process so Thursday I have a gap. 

Speaker 1  (41:58)
I'm on talking Thursday. I mean, tomorrow I have a gap uh, between like 1230 and no between 1 and 3 or Does that work? 

Speaker 2  (42:18)
Before I go on, I wanna do a 130. 

Speaker 1  (42:21)
Yeah, that'd be absolutely wonderful. 

Speaker 2  (42:25)
Perfect. All right, awesome. Simon has said that for you, I'm creating an email, it's just a confirmation for your invitation. 

Speaker 2  (42:33)
But basically this is all going to be in the email everything I say right now. So in case you forget you're going to want to park in our parking garage 

Speaker 1  (42:43)
Okay, hold on, hold on 1 second I don't fit in the parking garage cuz. I have ladders on top of my F150 so I can totally go like the couple times a year, I go play I There's like that outside park between lady lock and monarch 

Speaker 2  (43:03)
Yeah. 

Speaker 1  (43:05)
Is that okay? If I park there? We'd have to figure out a more permanent solution or like so, I'm actually I'm in the middle of buying my first home and fingers crossed, this deal goes through. 

Speaker 1  (43:19)
I can set my ladders down somewhere and lower my rack and fit into a parking garage. So so there's that, but right now the ladders are on top 

Speaker 2  (43:29)
Okay, no worries you can park out outside. Let's see so and then you're going to walk into our casino on our first floor our first casino floor and you're going to walk up to the players club, and then once you speak to a representative, you're just going to let them know that you're here for an interview with Brian. 

Speaker 1  (43:59)
Yup gotcha 

Speaker 2  (44:04)
8 questions for me. 

Speaker 1  (44:06)
Yeah, if uh, if if the players club Lee doesn't seem to be the best fit for me. Could we also then interview for the poker host position? 

Speaker 2  (44:24)
Yeah, absolutely. 

Speaker 1  (44:25)
Okay, that was that was it? I didn't want to be like a naysayer, acting like I'm not going to get what I want out of life but but you know it's always good to. Um, I have a plan BI guess I love, yeah, alright, awesome Megan. 

Speaker 1  (44:42)
Thank you so much. I'm super excited about all of this 

Speaker 2  (44:47)
Yes, thank you so much Leah for Carlos and coming to meet with me today. Brian looks forward to meeting with you. 

Speaker 1  (44:52)
Alright, thank you so much. Have a good day. 

Speaker 2  (44:56)
Bye. 
