
Speaker 1  (00:01)
Interview with CC g roofing. 

Speaker 2  (01:17)
Here she is, Leah. 

Speaker 1  (01:18)
Hi, how's it going, everyone? 

Speaker 3  (01:21)
Go ahead and I'm crazy. 

Speaker 1  (01:22)
Great, how are you guys? 

Speaker 2  (01:25)
Yes, 

Speaker 1  (01:26)
Awesome. 

Speaker 3  (01:29)
So I stayed beyond the one that you've been chat with. How did I put base to a name? So I'm glad that you're here in the evening 

Speaker 2  (01:34)
It's the time to do this. 

Speaker 3  (01:36)
Your initiative to drop off your resume. We're excited. We love that so I've been with the company for left sitting here it started in April last year and so I do operations coordination, so that's a little bit about. 

Speaker 3  (01:50)
I mean, is one of the games familiar. And then we have 3 Leone date, so I'll let bane go give him his little opportunity to get his intro, and then it's 2 points. 

Speaker 4  (02:02)
I actually started feedback in 2008. It's been a crazy journey, but yeah, I'm sure we'll talk about that here here today so and then Kayla. 

Speaker 2  (02:16)
I'm Kayla I have played many roles in our business over the years. I'm currently kind of just helping fill us and gaps and consult these guys, then figure out what they need. I'm kind of my passion is really processes and procedures and making things efficient, I always hope I made myself the efficiency Queen. 

Speaker 2  (02:39)
I also run a dumpster business. So when I saw your pun of your name and Kate mom, I love that because I run a business. That's been there thumbs that 

Speaker 1  (02:50)
I love it. 

Speaker 2  (02:51)
Yeah, so I appreciate that. There's a business name so it makes people remember yourself. I loved it 

Speaker 1  (03:00)
If there's a tree company that there's tree trimming, they're called holler tree, and I'm like, oh, that's nice, and they're like Colorado's. 

Speaker 2  (03:09)
Funny one of my lead dispatchers. Her dad ran a tree removal company, and he called it big ash trees. 

Speaker 1  (03:21)
There's also Aspen bakery and on the back of their truck, it says, how's your Aspen? 

Speaker 2  (03:31)
I love it. 

Speaker 3  (03:32)
Awesome. So today I want this to just feel super Uber and open-ended, it's not gonna be formal. I want to keep it open discussion so you can elaborate on like your journey, what you're looking for within the company and what you've done to get to where you are now since you own your company, so I'll kind of just let you start out with what made you decide to drop off your resume, what kind of brought. 

Speaker 3  (03:57)
You in. 

Speaker 1  (03:58)
Yeah, absolutely. Let's see. Where should I start. 

Speaker 1  (04:02)
I guess my journey begins with. Well, I'm going back real far. So I graduated from high school when I was 16 and went to college and thought life was a race. 

Speaker 1  (04:18)
It was just off to the races, had no idea where I was racing or wherever I was going, but I was going to get there first all right, then I went. Into all these programs and fields, just because I was better at it than everybody else. I mean, I just excelled in math and science. 

Speaker 1  (04:34)
So I got I got the Bogo deal, buy one bachelor's, get 1 bachelor's free, I've got a BA in chemistry and ABs in biomedical sciences. Okay, then I went into a PhD program for chemistry. And I like to say, I'm a PhD candidate runaway, cause that was just a terrible, terrible idea. 

Speaker 1  (04:53)
You know it was more like, can I do this? I'm gonna accomplish this and then uh, right. So then I ran away and then I got to a chemistry company and they offered me peanuts. 

Speaker 1  (05:07)
And I was like, no I want to work for dollars and they were like, no, you get peanuts and I was like, but But for dollars and they're like no peanuts. So I was like, okay, bye, you know, II stayed for a little bit and I optimized some processes Kayla, I really respect as far as being efficient, you know what? I mean, I did this whole thing where I don't know if you guys have any chemistry background, but like some substance dissolved, like, and you could separate these solvents on like a piece of paper, and they give characteristic fans, and you can identify what you're looking at. 

Speaker 1  (05:35)
And this one just had a big band here and I optimized the process. And I got this anyways, lots of technical stuff they didn't care they didn't care about the value I brought to the company or anything of that nature and they also like I said, they offered me peanuts. So then I left and worked for dollars. 

Speaker 1  (05:51)
After they wouldn't I compensate then I went back to my roots to swinging a brush and painting now I did painting since I was gonna date me here. But when I was 18 years old, my dad said he needed it. He was going to pay $3000 to get the exterior of his house painted and I won $3000. 

Speaker 1  (06:11)
Wow, I will paint your house. I will gather all my friends together and we'll figure it out and we will pay the house and we put a 40 foot letter on top of a Ford Focus roof rack that you just connect by opening the doors and we did it, and then I put a little sign out that said house painting $2500 and we got all these people. We know what the heck we're and I got this one job and it was like just the trim of the house and I'm like, oh cool. 

Speaker 1  (06:36)
Yeah, just the trim easy peasy. And it was like all these like wood windows that open with inside tracks outside tracks inside sash hats, I didn't like I knocked the door and was like, Hey, excuse me, you know I hate to do this, but we're making $3 an hour and could you give me an extra 1500? She was like, yeah, sure. 

Speaker 1  (06:53)
Like he knew and like I've never done that in my adult career, but I did that once when I was 18, right so I went back to root swing and brush. And uh, then my dad died and left me just a little bit of money and I took that money and I went, I bought a truck. My laterack bunch ladders, the sprayer. 

Speaker 1  (07:16)
And I hit the ground running and really didn't know what I was doing, but I was you know, I'm a leader, mabas, the innovator I'm gonna go get her and so it all sort of worked out and in 20, what's my dad died in 2020. So then I started my business August, second of 21. After you know, leaving my other company because I realized you know, through all the conversations that you know, James May 22 and I'm a 20, but we painted just the same. 

Speaker 1  (07:53)
But then he volunteered to help move the couch in the fridge and I will never be moving the couch to the fridge and it was. Like, well, that's That's okay, and I went and I tried to communicate this with my boss, and be like you know, this is the value that I have. This is the value that I'll never add. 

Speaker 1  (08:09)
You know, can I be compensate for lettucine, he's like, well, I can't give you that cause I only pay James this, and and I'm like what I'm not James, I'm not I offer different value. You know I had that female woman touch that, you know homeowners, love and you know and charismatic. First of all and you know I just don't move the couch in the fridge and you know I had a number when I needed to stay and he was like well, I'll give you this and I was like no, and you said, what's your luck? 

Speaker 1  (08:38)
They're like, I'm still friends with this guy today, because you know I'm glad he didn't give me what I wanted and I had that opportunity for growth and sprout and blossom and simultaneously, I'm running a non-profit tech company that teaches technology to people previously known as senior citizens. But they're not senior citizens anymore, cause who's to say they were a citizen, it's like politically incorrect. They are now called older adults just for everybody's. 

Speaker 1  (09:06)
Yeah, they're older older adults yep, so that's been super cool as far as adding a lot of meaning and value to my life it's not as big as it once was. We used to have contracts with the county and with the city. I don't know why there's all stop. 

Speaker 1  (09:24)
I don't really have a good learning the explanation about why we don't have those anymore but we still do stuff and we have a YouTube channel that you can check out where me and one of our tech pals volunteers to ChatGPT. 1 on 1 video and it's it's super cool I've done a lot of AI consulting, are you guys? Can I ask you a question? 

Speaker 1  (09:51)
Do you guys use AI 

Speaker 3  (09:53)
I'm sorry, I'm too, that's great starting to deliver some of the lower level stuff like cat GBT we're getting like civil right now, transcribing, but we are looking to in our initiative, moving forward on growing and scaling to implement 

Speaker 1  (10:07)
Awesome. I would love to come in as AI consultant for you guys, because it's just game changer. Listen, in 5 years from now, there's going to be 2 types of companies, those that adopted AI and those that don't exist anymore, yep, and that's that's just the truth of it. 

Speaker 1  (10:24)
And you know, when I when I joined the meeting and I saw that Gemini was transcribing and getting the notes I was like, great, so am I you know what? I mean, I got AI over here, I got Claude Colorado's a one recording state so I didn't feel like I had to ask, you know what? I mean, they're all internal notes, but um. 

Speaker 2  (10:43)
That was great in your background. I love that, and that was wonderful. So bring us up to last week, then why like we were in our office like roofing 

Speaker 1  (10:55)
What up? 

Speaker 2  (10:56)
What made you reach out? 

Speaker 1  (10:57)
Absolutely. So I am one of those like super high efficient high-functioning. I schedule out my whole calendar and I sleep less than everybody else, okay, I just since adulthood, like not, when I was a teenager when I was TJI couldn't wait to graduate from high school so I could sleep in, you know now Now, I I'm up till 230, and I'm up at 7 sounds like you know what I mean, I need about like 5 hours, sleep on the regular. 

Speaker 1  (11:29)
So while I, my business is a well-oiled machine that I produced to run itself. I got systems of the processes empowered people, Yada yada Yada, I do a lot of the sales and then I'm a garbage collector I go I pick up the trash and the check. You know, and basically my experience is VIP customer service. 

Speaker 1  (11:47)
That's all I am right now is customer service in the gardens collector because I got the truck so shoot, I lost my focus. I'm so sorry, backing it up what brought me to drop off my resume? Right? 

Speaker 1  (11:58)
So I have more time, then the average person in my main value is industriousness. You know I'm not out here. I don't mean sound self deserve, but like I'm not raising the family. 

Speaker 1  (12:10)
I don't really want one, if my businesses are my babies, I start business all the time, some make money, some don't some are learning experience. Some are growth experience. I've just started, some are just nothing But I'm always adapting in innovating and I wanted to join the roofing industry because it's so similar and I know I could just rock it out and I was in the office that night and I love that border. 

Speaker 1  (12:38)
I'm like that is my room between the hours of 5 and 3 AM I am holding out in the big space. You know, the cleaning crew comes in and vacuums against the garbage at like 230, you know, west I know, like that's just, it's my time where I innovate, and I think and I walked into the room and I saw your flyer on the head of the room that you guys were having your meeting. And I'm like, yes. 

Speaker 1  (13:03)
Yes, let me just go to the printer and put down my resume and leave us on the desk. And then it was funny because then I went home to feed my bunnies and then I came back and the cleaning crew had wet and they threw away my resume, that was all the best. So I actually printed it out again and put it back on the desk. 

Speaker 1  (13:22)
And that's when I also sent the heads up. You know that it was there and yeah, that really just kinda speaks to who I am you know, like let me tell you I just sent you, uh, I sent it too late. I should have sent this in advance but I sent over my disprofile, I don't know how big you guys are in personality assessments. 

Speaker 1  (13:43)
And I sent over my core values, so I want to go over my core values to just explain why I'm interested in you guys. 

Speaker 3  (13:52)
All right, let me pull it up. 

Speaker 1  (13:54)
Yeah, sure. 

Speaker 3  (13:56)
Let me pull it up real quick. 

Speaker 1  (13:59)
Cool We're sharing it, wonderful technology. 

Speaker 3  (14:03)
All right, we're getting there. 

Speaker 1  (14:04)
Alright, you didn't have to test me to make sure I do all 6 in the order. All right, so act in best interest of clients number one so long as you always have the clients at heart and success of the focus long-term prosperity would follow. Naturally add value, always no matter what like in this interview, I promise I will say something that you will leave with value. 

Speaker 1  (14:24)
I already know the value-added thing that I'm going to say at the end here. So no matter what it pays, because ultimately you add value, and then if you're the right person in the right seat, the competition then follows you know, I'm one of those ad value first and then you know, build a life to led to my lifestyle that I want stay 3 steps ahead, okay. So. 

Speaker 1  (14:50)
This also speaks to why I wanted to come here as a woman owned business. I had a vested interest in these dei programs, not going away. I'm not going to get into my whole political belief that this is something that I've considered with a lot of my commercial bids and things and we just ripped all of our jedi statements and dei statements off our website and made a big statement about that about how you know, at the heart of our business, we're still dedicate to fairness and opportunity and give everybody an opportunity, a chance to excel in their employment area. 

Speaker 1  (15:18)
However, the culture is sided like it's not good. You know, the dei statements on your website anymore, you don't promote that. I'm thinking about changing my whole logo and ripping off that female loan part, it was female own details show you know, and then then you sent me the flyer, and I was like, yes, look, they're talking about on the on the second page, the first thing you pointed out was like clients first, I'm like, yeah, that's our number one core value, then the second 1 was details. 

Speaker 1  (15:40)
And I'm like, yeah, I straight up advertised to our women. I don't come and even pay attention to details. So I'm staying 3 steps ahead. 

Speaker 1  (15:47)
Also I have noticed in the past December and January here. Every single person I've ever employed, has text me asking me for work. The market is scared people aren't Paint and you know what? 

Speaker 1  (16:05)
So I am a level 5 l and I don't know if you guys know about the concept of the window versus the mirror but when good things happen level 5 l look out and go, wow, that was my outside team way to go good job. Send up be lavish with your phrase and you know Sincere with your affirmation and and when things go wrong, you look in the mirror what did I do? Where do I fall short, because if it's a you thing you can more easily control it and figure out how to best adapt. 

Speaker 1  (16:43)
So that's one thing that brought me here was staying a couple steps ahead also. I was in the process of buying my first home. Listen, thank you, I didn't know like maybe 10 years ago I didn't know that buying a house was something that you congratulated somebody on I was like. 

Speaker 1  (17:02)
Why are you getting congratulate if you bought something until I got into the process, oh my God, and ultimately process. Isn't it yeah? 

Speaker 3  (17:11)
If you're everything you're financials, you gotta ask you know they ask you some personal questions, because they gotta, you know, eliminate them. 

Speaker 1  (17:19)
Ultimately, I went for a bank statement mortgage as a business owner to show if the money comes in and out, because my taxes wasn't showing enough and when they went to do it, they were like, listen, Leah, in December, you had $40000 worth of deposits, but this one day you add a negative balance. Of $12. And I said my Bang told me I'd align a credit attached to the end of my account. 

Speaker 1  (17:45)
They never let anything bounce. You know, so I had auto payments come out that I didn't track so yeah, I was broke plus my investments are making higher interest than my debt that I have to pay so I just didn't move the money cause I didn't anticipate it. They shut down my home mortgage. 

Speaker 3  (18:01)
They wouldn't even let it get by with a letter of explanation. 

Speaker 1  (18:05)
And so I gave him the letter of explanation, and it's sort of worked. There's a little more to the backstory. But ultimately it's in a fall throw, you know, it's very upsetting, I didn't even get my earnest money, my appraisal money, my inspection money back. 

Speaker 1  (18:21)
I'm down like $7500 on this learning experience. I'm pretty sad, I think at this house, it was 1868 Lincoln, it was this cute little. Langma and France is anyways, I've digressed, so communicate boldly, and openly. 

Speaker 1  (18:34)
I think this is huge, you gotta lean in towards conflict and not shy away from it. You know, being able to have those difficult conversations discuss a change order that needs to be addressed, this is one uh, this is not easy. It's not easy for anybody, but uh, it's one of our core values. 

Speaker 1  (18:54)
So it's something that we strive for and make decisions based upon so adapt and innovate relentlessly. I'm adapter of an invader, I'm up with the latest and greatest technology and how to use it remind me to circle back to bird eye. Do you guys? 

Speaker 1  (19:08)
Are you guys familiar with bird eye Roberti iron is pronounced probably bird eye. Alright. I'll tell ya it in 2 seconds, commitment to excellence with obsession, all right, I don't know if you guys are grant card donors, grant Cardone. 

Speaker 1  (19:24)
Yes, okay, great, I can't mention that I like him without saying that whenever he opens me his mouth about something that's not sales related, you gotta go like this. Like he said something that would have talked schizophrenic off their bipolar and mental health medication, that was like no grant, let the people take their medicine but he's amazing itself. And what I've taken from him, is this one0X mentality, you said Aone0X goal and you take massive? 

Speaker 1  (19:52)
Action to achieve that goal and you fall somewhere. Up here as opposed to like your smartphone, you know, stretch goals, it all depends on people personality like what to work the best for them, but I have commitment to excellence in everything I do. Mediocricy is not an option for me. 

Speaker 1  (20:08)
So that's a little bit about that's a lot about our core values, let me circle back to bird eye. Birdie, you can check that if you want, I may share or bring up bird. Let me just explain it. 

Speaker 1  (20:22)
So basically it is a place so once you get your website set app and your Google, my business profile, what runs the world and I'm and I'm not saying anything that you don't know is who reveal understand so there's a way Where every client, it's an auto rep some automated message through your sales. But as soon as soon as you slide that over to jobs completed, they get the text, they get the email and says, Hey, have we do? Please leave us a reveal, and then I get a link and there's a happy face and there's a sad face. 

Speaker 1  (20:56)
And if they push the happy face, they're directed to Google to leave Google reveal. If they hit the sad face, they're directed to a site that looks like if we were reveal but it's an internal process where they direct all their complaints internally and you then instantly contact and follow-up with them and make it right before they go to Google. This is how you stay 3 steps ahead. 

Speaker 1  (21:20)
And this is my adding value always. You know, you didn't just pay me for that piece of information, but I promise it's got sincere RY doormies, run everything and you know the top dollar in roofing, and the profit margin roofing is much higher than the painting like I got to. Sell like 50 jobs to your To make the same run like 3 crews tier one, you know, but it's 299A month for bird eye and I would do it from the get, though we don't actually have it. 

Speaker 1  (21:52)
I've done other processes to stay ahead of our 3 steps ahead of our gourries. We have a flow chart. Let me show you this real quick, let me see. 

Speaker 1  (22:02)
Give me 3, if I can't find this in 3 seconds. I'll let it go. Do you guys use Canva 

Speaker 3  (22:10)
Yep, we have a an account with gamba, right? 

Speaker 1  (22:13)
Right, I've actually got like a free account for account with Canva. Because cause we got it through our nonprofit and then I just use it review here. It is I got it? 

Speaker 1  (22:24)
All right? Let me share my screen real quickly, this is cute, okay? Can you see It? 

Speaker 1  (22:40)
Why is it not like once it all 

Speaker 3  (22:43)
That's clear, but I can see. I can still make it out. 

Speaker 1  (22:45)
Alright. I don't know why it's doing that probably cause I'm not on this. Did that make it better. 

Speaker 1  (22:50)
So are you a 100% half, because and see how it's got the Google colors like I rip those exact colors off Google, just to make it sort of you know, let us know what call us anytime allow us to make it right. Are you in Sanders to have you ever yes, please leave us a review and tell your friends in the back of the card. It was really cool. 

Speaker 1  (23:09)
I chat, if to make all this stuff up your feedback is the compass that guides our journey in the relentless pursuit of painting for a faction. Nothing says thank you like a social media shout out who review and a referral. 

Speaker 4  (23:25)
That's awesome. Just in general, for the general idea of why you're looking to enter into in space, clearly you're super passionate, right? And you have other projects in businesses going in, like one thing that we that we we have strategic alliances that we work with sort of hand in hand and they're, you know, they're separate entities, and we've build relationships that way and kind of find where there's There's common ground. 

Speaker 4  (24:05)
We certainly have a batch of strategic partnerships. And then we also have more of the 1099 slashed employee, you know, representatives who are specifically working with us, you know, wrapping the crash, as they're out, you know, trying to build their own wealth because at the same time, there's A lot of mutual benefit in that more of an independent contractor versus you know, a strategic company partnership. So what you know what, what's your vision here? 

Speaker 4  (24:35)
II mean, we probably are not the only rooting company they use, that's great. What's your vision here like? What are you? 

Speaker 4  (24:43)
What are you trying to accomplish in the next one you know, year to 3 years. Yeah, if you can speak to that, that'd be awesome. 

Speaker 1  (24:51)
Absolutely. So I want to be part of the well, no matter what I would I partly see the team player somebody that is, let me let me. I'm sorry, hold on, let me organize my thoughts a little bit here. 

Speaker 1  (25:07)
Because this is the question this is the question. So yes, I have reached out to other roofing companies, I got a job offer from 2 of them. I can tell you, I'm good at sales, keep closing deals. 

Speaker 1  (25:20)
I've got audible library wealth of information of all these sales closers. So I can do that what I'm not interested in doing and I understand you know what hails you go? Knock the neighborhood doors just again in the current Culture not really knocking the door when ice is knocking the door I just like it's not. 

Speaker 1  (25:48)
It's not something that I'm interested in. I'd rather have a quote 

Speaker 3  (25:52)
You believe me aware, not north 

Speaker 1  (25:54)
Oh, good cause, but in 2025, there's so many smarter ways to get your lead to network. 

Speaker 3  (26:02)
So what we'll do is often we have curious neighbors, that'll come over. They'll see. We'll have water sign aj, who's our field rep is so sweet and so great with who he works with this stuff the clients that were actually grouping, but he when the neighbors come out and does engage, then we are very much a word-of-mouth. 

Speaker 3  (26:21)
Also with other, you know, methods of getting our name out there too. So hopefully that does bring some really 

Speaker 1  (26:26)
Yeah, it brings a lot of relief. Honestly, you know, I wasn't sure you know what kind of you know program you guys had going on. But you know these other companies they hired me and they're like, yeah, II got job offers from them and paid training that starts, I'm not. 

Speaker 1  (26:46)
It's okay. So what what am I looking for really, so I'm looking to Utilize the skills that I have with paint bomb. It's possibly a better, more lucrative industry. 

Speaker 3  (27:06)
Are you looking to also elevate paintbalm? The best ccg are you looking for only sales and like supplements? 

Speaker 1  (27:15)
So yeah, so paybong lives on play bank, keep scout. 

Speaker 3  (27:18)
They're well whole well-oiled. 

Speaker 1  (27:20)
Right, right? And in 2021I ran 3 crews 9 employees and did a top line of about 600000 it's gone like this since 2021, now, I've got one curl of 3 people. We're not fully look, they got a guy working right now. 

Speaker 1  (27:47)
He's fixing like a ceiling, yep, oh, the other thing is I should talk about this. I'm sorry, I'm such an innovator and adapter. I get really excited when I come up with ideas so. 

Speaker 1  (27:58)
I have a I've done a Jack for what is the name custom solar or something? When they install the solar panel, put a hole in the roof okay, then it rained and then I got water damage. And then we got to come in and fix our Cathedral ceiling 18 feet high with a water damage or a parrot kills it. 

Speaker 1  (28:21)
Take care of the mole match the texture and then paint the ceiling corn in the corner The custom solar paid for this because it was, you know, their mistake. So what just dawned on me was when people had roofing damage, I bet they got this painted colored ceilings yes. 

Speaker 4  (28:41)
So if a full disclosure, I think we probably did about 3/4 of a million 50 dollars in painting last year. 

Speaker 1  (28:49)
Oh. 

Speaker 4  (28:51)
Yeah, x exterior and let me let me maybe elaborate a little bit more on what our core offerings are and who we are. And this is why there's intrigue here. I mean, you know, there is definitely some intrigue and we just need to sort of understand what you're when your patent's right to to see us there. 

Speaker 4  (29:09)
Is there some common ground? We are in in contracts with Boulder County housing authority? So we do a few million dollars a year with world K, right? 

Speaker 4  (29:21)
So we'll reroof reside repaint a lot of their multirresidential properties. We do take on a lot of multirresidential in the long month area with property managers where we'll roof side, 8 gutter potential wheel to seek Individual residential painting jobs, but in the hail world, you'll get owners that say, you know, I like I just want to deal with one company, right? Those source of painter got our guys who was the ride show. 

Speaker 4  (29:50)
The way that our industry works is we sort of merge up, you know, a group of subcontractors outside of the roofing and gutter area for siding carpentry, and it's natural ride and we can board Those are strategic alliances. 

Speaker 1  (30:05)
Nice, that's great. 

Speaker 4  (30:08)
So we don't do anything with interior painting. I think that's one question that was going to happen. He was like, how much exterior versus interior what do you do or 

Speaker 1  (30:15)
We do both, if we do like tons of both and like it would speak to our qualities when we do the interior and then they hire us for the exterior or when we do their rental property and then they send us on their home. 

Speaker 4  (30:26)
Yeah, too I do like let's. To be honest, like, how often do we come across a leak that it affects the inside of a house and the owner wants us to influent all the time, we want nothing to do. We're not, that's not our, it's not our cooperating, so I'm not great at it. 

Speaker 4  (30:41)
Uh, we're good at it, you know, larger projects we have great steps to get that little knickback stuff like come paint my room. You know, interior wiser that you tried that for a little bit back in the 20 teens. I came forward already got far away from the 20 teens. 

Speaker 4  (30:56)
But we tried that for a little bit, it's not it's not our cage, so it's 

Speaker 1  (31:00)
There's a lot of work in like a small profit margins, cutthroat, industry and like the jobs are smart. I think our average job size was 8000 which is alright, you know what I mean, that's but that's over like a couple years with a lot of large exteriors. 

Speaker 4  (31:21)
Yeah, so let's let's say that just to kind of move this cabo along a little bit here, let's say that there was some common ground and we were like, you know, aunt Leah, we absolutely wanted to I want to try to see if we can develop you inside of our source. Sales program and that's going well, where do you live in this space? Sounds like you have a couple of other. 

Speaker 4  (31:49)
You know things going on like what what type of focus and what type of time commitment would you wanna give to you know because if you're not gonna go out and knock duals? And like Stacey said we run a completely different sales model and a lot of these, the pale grouping restoration companies do. Right? 

Speaker 4  (32:11)
So, but. Integration into that model requires focus time dedication, etc, and I have identified in the past that when somebody has too many things on their plate, they're not successful at that I'm rhyme, and so 

Speaker 1  (32:26)
Oh, absolutely. 

Speaker 4  (32:27)
Like what does that look like for you? If you were to get some success? Are you are, you more focused on making as much money as possible or building as many business as possible? 

Speaker 1  (32:37)
Making as much money as possible. Absolutely, you know, they say a tea who chases 2 rabbits catches none I totally get that I'm looking to. So court value number 3 is stay 3 steps ahead. 

Speaker 1  (32:53)
There's a shift, there's been a shift for years. Have you guys? Are you familiar with the book who moved my cheese How to deal with life and change in the workplace? 

Speaker 1  (33:03)
So if they've got all these little center cheese is like what you want out of life and there's hemanhan, sniffetzbury, it's a mice, 2 little people and they wake up every day and they put their shoes on and they run through the maze cheese station C, which stands for comfort, and they get their cheeks. And then 1 day the cheese is gone in heaven hog, a white who moved my cheese and sniff and scurry put their boots on and start running through the maze again to find the next cheese station and come across chief station N which is new blue cheese and there's all these life lessons throughout the book, and it's like, what would you do if you weren't afraid because hem and ha they hemmed in high, were afraid to go through the maze and And you know, smell the cheese often. 

Speaker 1  (33:47)
So you know when it's getting old. You know, you gotta prepare for that change in work in life in the workplace and you know when somebody has a hole in their roof that's an inelastic problem, it doesn't really matter how much it cost or what people have, they will find the money to fix a hole in the roof. Hayton, not really, you know, so I'm staying 3 steps head and I want to fully integrate myself. 

Speaker 1  (34:16)
I'm looking to jump on full-time. I'm looking to they have a role in in a station. Mention that gets you in your project management position, maybe 

Speaker 3  (34:29)
And then let that, if that is one initiative that will be happening later down the road, our main focus, it is a sale front, the sales rug. 

Speaker 1  (34:42)
Absolutely, absolutely. You get the jobs first, then you manage them. So one thing I love to do our trade shouts, I stand on my feet the whole time, and I do it better than anybody else. 

Speaker 1  (34:52)
Okay, I did A 

Speaker 3  (34:54)
Yesterday it was a lot of fun. 

Speaker 1  (34:56)
Oh, the the Fort Collins. 

Speaker 3  (34:58)
No, we were down. We were down at a rappical county fairground. 

Speaker 1  (35:03)
Oh oh, actually the 4 Commons 1 is this weekend? The nationwide home shows you've done the nationwide ones. 

Speaker 3  (35:11)
I have not, I have not 

Speaker 1  (35:14)
So I did a quarter million dollars in estimates of 3 days like I could bring up my metrics on myself. It doesn't matter, anyways, I stand up and I talk to every single person that walks by now was the closing rate that great, no, because I got I would grab people and I twisted their arm. And I was like, let me come estimate Japan job, you know, and they're really cold leads, but I just have that curse when people lied me for the Levy into their house. 

Speaker 1  (35:39)
They gave me a chance to show you know, I know. So like I can generate my own leads and go out and follow-up those leads 

Speaker 3  (35:49)
Well, how are you tracking that? 

Speaker 1  (35:52)
Thanks for asking drip jobs, do you guys? What CRM software are you currently using? 

Speaker 3  (35:57)
Currently, we have aculain, so that's kind of our cradle Gray for everything inside of production to there, and then we also have a hub spot that we're trying to leverage and get that local. You know well oil machine as you say, but those are our 2 main ones. 

Speaker 1  (36:13)
So I have a robot secretary. His name is chase and he chases down my clients. So that's inside information why his name is chase is because he chases people but basically they fill out the review request I got the HTML embedded on my website for the contact form. 

Speaker 1  (36:32)
I have a QR for them to get to the contact form when they're at the trade show. I just get my tablet out and handed to them and force them to fill out their content for them. Then they get a message that says Hey, it's chase and Minta contact with Leah. 

Speaker 1  (36:47)
You know, thanks for reaching out. We'll be right back to you schedule and in the form they take their day and prefer time then I reach out to the contact them about scheduling, then they get a confirmation of the schedule A reminder when there are appointments coming up then I then when I move it. Do you wanna see it? 

Speaker 1  (37:12)
You wanna see the software 

Speaker 4  (37:14)
We're okay, I'm. I'm curious to know. Can you speak a little bit to your sales Like, let's focus on, maybe here, just for a second this week. 

Speaker 4  (37:25)
Kind of get some clarity on on how you function and think of. 

Speaker 1  (37:29)
Absolutely. 

Speaker 4  (37:31)
What does that process look like? 

Speaker 1  (37:34)
Okay, here. I'm going to show you. So basically there's no I kind of want to bring it app 19 tax proposes using court valleys, alright, I'm gonna share this with you, and then I'll i'll email it to you if you'd like to, but this this is our secret weapon right here. 

Speaker 1  (38:00)
This is me Addie, the crazy value to you guys for the get-go, and here we go. It's not to be too cocky. I'm a little bit too cocky. 

Speaker 1  (38:07)
I'll turn it down a little textbook closes. So there's a demonic that you remember at the door so you can have all of these ready to go in your Arsenal, so there's a strong team of people nowadays. It needs an all understanding vision, trust and results. 

Speaker 1  (38:29)
That's the first sentence and it, so there's a lot on this page. So I like the assumptive clothes a lot. I find to be very effective, you just so then don't let me like talk a bunch of stuff that you guys already know, you know, there's there's the summary clothes where you just recap. 

Speaker 1  (38:48)
There's the takeaway clothes. The objection close is really good and easy, because Let me see where's the silent close. I guess it's part of the objection close. 

Speaker 1  (39:00)
So I'll say so it's all about your presentation package, you have to fold her your whatever your low presentation. Then you throw the top line at them with that and yo. So what are you thinking ready to move forward, and then you just shut up. 

Speaker 1  (39:16)
You shut up, if you never say anything, it's enforcing them to speak and what's going to happen is they're going to say yes, or as you're silent, they're gonna fill that science and tell you exactly why not. And then you have your objections that then you can respond to accommodate Yada, Yada yada. Always be closing AVC every second you know, I'm closing. 

Speaker 1  (39:39)
Oh I got a funny story. So another thing is when you're establishing report with a client, they say find one thing that you genuinely like and compliment them on it like make it sincere like it's gotta be sincere, so I walked in to this house that's being renovated, and I said, oh wow, I really like your blue cabinets. She looked at me, she said, that's the protective film rap like they were blue, they were white. 

Speaker 1  (40:07)
They were just brand new, put up so they still had their piece of little Saran wrap all over and I was like, oh my God. 

Speaker 3  (40:13)
So it's going to connect with, you know. 

Speaker 1  (40:15)
Yeah, I mean II didn't get that job but you know, there was some just another one might always be closing things, oh, there's the empty clothes. The empathy close is great, so I'll do this. So like life is a sale, everything you're doing is always a cells, you know, people speak with and objective a goal of purpose, I mean, some people just babble, and don't have a purpose and didn't consider what they're going to say, you just But not I'm not talking about those people, everything in life is about how you present it in one of the books that I'm listening to right now is the human factor of sales. 

Speaker 1  (40:59)
I don't know if that's I think it's like the human sales factor is what? It's actually called and empathy is huge at the isobe. And to just level with them be like I know I know it's expensive. 

Speaker 1  (41:14)
Let's gotta get done. What's when you wanna schedule this, you know, sometimes I'm too empathetic, like I am very empathetic, I gave my Foreman buriedman pay when his dog died like yeah, yeah, the visual club so people buy now, this is a little different. Roofing versus painting, people buy for 3 different reasons, they need it. 

Speaker 1  (41:46)
It makes him feel good and I think they love it. I think it's love need and feels so I plan all of those and I say, oh my God, you're gonna love the way it makes you feel when you walk into this freshly painted room and we do the visualization close 

Speaker 4  (42:08)
So Leah, where do you get most of your jobs from? How how do you okay? I do want to let you know we have I actually have a hard out at 11 forever and whatever and I think came with us as well, so I want to make sure that you know just there's some vision on that, but how do you like? 

Speaker 4  (42:23)
What's your marketing? So we have a marketing process or where are the leaves come? 

Speaker 1  (42:29)
So right now,29.63 % of my leads are from more to mouth, because I've established such a reputation neighborhood before that, it was story branding. It was having a story that people liked and people got behind and people remembered. Then it's creating sticky ADS, okay, I've got a custom GPT bot that I built. 

Speaker 1  (42:48)
The bad scans every single day, every single holiday, every single national day of and how it can remotely relate to a painting company. And then you rock that out with a new sail, you know, every time there's like anything going like I just make amazing ADS that just gave so much traction. And I've done it mostly organically off nextdoor in the Facebook groups in trade shows, Trey chose is where I do massive, as we like that March home show. 

Speaker 4  (43:28)
Social platforms in and 

Speaker 1  (43:34)
Yeah, we're not. We don't outdoors? We've got yard signs, do you guys wrap your trucks 

Speaker 4  (43:41)
We don't, there's a strategy 

Speaker 1  (43:43)
Uh, yes, I don't wrap my trucks either. Okay, I used to have a rap truck. I got one job off of it it was a terrible thing, and then I got a 1 star cooler review for my driving. 

Speaker 4  (43:54)
Oh, God, we have we absolutely detected. 

Speaker 1  (43:56)
Of course you did yeah, and I tried, did you see my response? ChatGPT responded thoroughly that I'm about to change it and put a new response up there because it didn't work Eddie cutata left his review up and people are liking it. 

Speaker 4  (44:13)
Right? It's, it's that's brutals, okay, so then, so then your leads are coming from social media, from from some events that you maybe have gotten some initial interaction with and sort of is, you know, marketing new sales, what's your closing percentage? 

Speaker 1  (44:29)
40 

Speaker 4  (44:31)
40% that are you, do you have any other reps? 

Speaker 1  (44:33)
Oh, that's me personal. 

Speaker 4  (44:35)
That's you just granted out. Is there a difference between exterior and interior in terms of your process? I'm causing percentage, just kind of how you approach it 

Speaker 1  (44:44)
No I have a spreadsheet where I go I take measurements. I enter in linear feet, square feet, number windows number holes casings and it spits it out, it's very easily to hand it off. Technique estimation process. 

Speaker 4  (45:04)
What do you? What is your? I guess what is your sort of an area? 

Speaker 4  (45:09)
The thing you're focused on is it that only long month north Denver metro area? 

Speaker 1  (45:14)
Yeah, absolutely this is, uh, this is where I do most of my marketing and reach. It's also just because next door only throws your stuff so far, the better of an additives, the more they throw it around like I um I put my bunnies in ADS and they just go viral when people just love them. It's, I had no idea they were going to be such an integral part of my advertising process that I could take them as a tax write of. 

Speaker 1  (45:42)
But you know, the stickier ADS, you know, we got we got a hail ad. And there's a lot of competitive analysis like let me tell you the best ad that we ever put out it had like 10000 views and a 1000 reactions. I could show you the screenshot of how many reactions that had abuse, but it was um, it was right before the election. 

Speaker 1  (46:06)
And I said a as a friendly reminder, right? So you pose it as something random and then at the end it's thrown in as an app. It's a friendly reminder, you know, if your candidate loses and you want to leave the country, we can pay your house for top dollars, so it sells fast or we can pay to household sales for Top sewer sells fast for top dollars. 

Speaker 1  (46:29)
Sorry, said they're on and it just went insane. It's just cool now, after the results came in next door my little Boulder next door was like, oh hell no I took it down and was like this is sad and I actually went on an estimate where somebody did say that they wanted to paint it all. She intillee lights because they were out of here. 

Speaker 1  (46:46)
And I was like? That was sensitive. I didn't but like sticky ADS work sticky ADS. 

Speaker 1  (46:51)
Get your name out there, you know, we have a little, don't bomb the job, remember paint bomb for the job. You know, all kinds of little things. I'm, uh, I'm networking everywhere I go, so are you guys in any b? 

Speaker 1  (47:01)
And I's 

Speaker 3  (47:04)
Uh, not currently, but that's definitely in discussions. 

Speaker 1  (47:07)
Neither am I, I'm not in them currently, but I went to the visitors meeting my problem with it was, you know, the I didn't see the ROI being there like it was a $1000 plus whatever the individual chapter charges and I do a $1000 for a trade show and I work. It for 3 days, and I do a quarter million estimates. 3 days and a 1000 hours so I didn't and there's a lot of like, oh, you gotta bring in referrals for us, or you're a terrible person and I'm like, I don't know. 

Speaker 4  (47:46)
Pay, you're on mute. 

Speaker 1  (47:47)
Oh no I didn't. 

Speaker 4  (47:49)
Sorry. 

Speaker 2  (47:50)
Oh Lear, do you have any specific questions about ccg? Any light up like our operations or anything? Just it's generally about? 

Speaker 1  (48:01)
Yeah, absolutely. Are you guys familiar with Gino? Whitman's traction 

Speaker 3  (48:06)
Yes, we are an Eos. 

Speaker 1  (48:08)
Yay, I love yours company so am I. So, what are your 90 day rocks? 

Speaker 3  (48:15)
So hiring failed up, that's my Penelope. It's developing an onboarding, like ironclad, onboarding system we have Ashlyn network. It's been Caleb, is you also coming over to help me just build out because I'm up here, I see everything in the shoes and shooting 

Speaker 1  (48:32)
The visualizer and the 

Speaker 3  (48:34)
You have to detail all of this out. So we have some company rocks, and then some of us downstream also has an individual rock. So we definitely are growing and learning and working out the kings, but you remember, we're happy with them. 

Speaker 4  (48:49)
All right, how is that? We did just have our our Q1 Tuesday, so yeah, so 

Speaker 2  (48:59)
Do you have any other questions? 

Speaker 1  (49:05)
I just want to say that, like one of my 1 of the concerns, there's a couple concerns that I bring to industries. And I am one of my core values is to lean into our conflict and to have open bold conversation. 

Speaker 3  (49:22)
I say lean in all the time. 

Speaker 1  (49:24)
Absolutely. Hold on 1 second okay. So people are concerned of one burnout, because I do so many things Maga, focus trying to catch 2 rabbits and not playing my positions, ma soldier. 

Speaker 1  (49:44)
This is, I've got a loud mouth and a lot of ideas. And sometimes I go bigger than people have given me the space to go back so I'm looking for a company with a culture of We got an idea, write down, put it in our suggestion box. We're gonna look at that, I mean, cause I will overwhelm somebody with, like, oh my God, I got this idea. 

Speaker 1  (50:09)
Let's improve in this way, and it needs to be organized, but there also needs to be some like, wow, we like you, we bring ideas here. Some of them suck. Some of them are great, please share all of them. 

Speaker 1  (50:22)
You know, and just be cause I'm, if you look at my disassessment that that I sent, I have a the big desire to like contribute an extra to make things also an add value. That's you know, our number 2 goal appliance first value second. So I would want AA culture that doesn't in a company, it doesn't pigeonhole in me. 

Speaker 1  (50:43)
They really recognize getting getting the right people on the bus first, and then try and figure out their seat. 

Speaker 3  (50:48)
Yep, we definitely have invested in a pool culture index. 2 absolutely give people in the right feet, really pursue their strengths and let them go home, like them, let them thrive and where they are naturally. So where on that same bandwagon, we just are using a liberty culture index 

Speaker 1  (51:07)
Awesome awesome. Can I can I be privy to what mindset about me? 

Speaker 3  (51:13)
I guess I was hoping you were gonna say that so, Kayla, you're the one because I'll let her do it. You just delivered this so beautifully only because you guys should have the same problems. 

Speaker 2  (51:25)
I don't know if they look like he was itching to say something and I interrupted him rude later before. Did you wanna try it? Are you guys 

Speaker 4  (51:34)
I just I just feel like we yeah. 

Speaker 2  (51:42)
Yeah, so actually can I run out and grab my phone curling quick? 

Speaker 3  (51:46)
Yeah, and in the meantime, do you want me to pull up her survey? 

Speaker 2  (51:50)
Yeah, and so just for I mean, honestly, Leah, we can spend quite a bit of time on this. And as they said we have a heart out here throw, I just there was like a couple things that are actually oh yeah, I will go grab it. So it basically it's a real like, but this awesome tool ends used for hiring and retention. 

Speaker 2  (52:09)
Just getting the right people on the right, get in the right people on the bus, and then put them in the right seat. Like you know, you kind of archeculated, that better on what our mission is and you and I've been really intentional building this business on culture like we want a culture of accountability of disabilities. Transparency, all of those things that are just imperative in growing a really healthy business. 

Speaker 2  (52:37)
We're not here to make quick caches. And get out of here we're, we're here to build a brand a business that we were proud to put our teeth on some things, one that started it, and then he's given me space to come in like up. You'd use that, you know you don't want to be pigeonholed. 

Speaker 2  (52:53)
So Stacey alluded to this, but I'm also a persuader, so we have a similar profile, and like I said, Dave, giving me the space to kind of come in and and it shape ccg, and build it out at certain ways, or whatnot, so it's gets. It's really awesome like we embrace that you know what this profile tells us this is that you know, you're very social, I don't think that that's undeniable mind. It means it shows us here that you like to make decisions you like to be in the lead. 

Speaker 2  (53:28)
You're comfortable with the risk it, and it also tells us that you um do well and/or prefer some chaos, at least helpful things. 

Speaker 1  (53:41)
Wow This is an accurate I didn't even answer that many questions I mean, maybe I did, I don't 

Speaker 2  (53:50)
Yeah, it also tells us that your attention to detail isn't your superpower? You know your people skills are your superpower, your attention to detail something that you would do means important and again, it's not a weakness that's why not raising as a weakness? It just means again, as the same profile so I need people that follow me to help button up or follow through, or finish things or whatnot? 

Speaker 2  (54:16)
So that's what that's what this tells us it tells us that you know, you'd be great to put out at a trade show and it'd be great to put out at me. It's any type of educational environment where we're trying to build that relationship. And so one of our goals in talking in today was to kind of understand what you are looking for long-term. 

Speaker 2  (54:40)
Because a lot of the sales that we approach are not turn and burn, they're not like, go knock a door and try to get that contract its relationship building. It's grand awareness and so it's more of a long-term place. And so when may look at the your profile, you are very high in social so where you know. 

Speaker 2  (54:58)
Easy just. It's easily destructive, right? And so you know, we're we're trying to get in here and see, like, you know, India, are you opened? 

Speaker 2  (55:05)
You know, making a commitment and understanding that that you know, if we did partner with you that we would be, you know, expect a long-term commitment and we would, you know expect you to learn from us as well? You know, we have a lot of information in the roofing industry that we can share that we can teach and say, Hey Leanne, you know, like we need you to go and follow these particles so while we It's the efficiency in all of those things we do have a lot of cool things already set up. And so it's like, you know, really studying that stage for you to to see that bigger picture of what ccg is it's meeting because we do need somebody that is it's bright. 

Speaker 2  (55:51)
And vibrant, and um, you know, knows how to articulate our core gold. Also also knows how to like and you allude into this that sometimes you stay too much. And so it's like you know, learning, I said, Hey like you know, like I have to keep some of this in my back pocket and whatnot. 

Speaker 2  (56:07)
So so definitely the profile is great, we welcome. We love first readers. We actually have another persuader on our team already? 

Speaker 2  (56:17)
You know, obviously you do well at sales, you do well in it. All of those things that you've described so mass confirms so that which is refreshing is, as you probably know, in sale a lot of times salespeople are really good at 1 thing and that's selling themselves but you have some days we have some data to back up if you are you say you are and then just so, you know, this is the bottom graph. So the top graph is kind of who you are. 

Speaker 2  (56:43)
The bottom graph is like who you show up in your current position. 

Speaker 1  (56:46)
Oh, they're pretty like 

Speaker 2  (56:48)
Yeah, it's you're you're you're you're great euclia, like, and if you take here's your value and you say any way anything away from this like know that you're on the right track, but you're going to benefit from strategically, um, positioning yourself. With people that had, you know, maybe a different life experience and stuff like that, because you said that as our intuition is We have a spidey sense, right? And like we see things in a different way that Stacey and Dane are not they don't we're, they have safely work deductively and we're more inductively of all of our experiences are aliens. 

Speaker 2  (57:25)
And so Dane is easy, it's see things differently. And that's awesome, because like they, you know where we might be more emotional about things or intuitive. If they bring the data and they kind of pull us back down-to-earth. 

Speaker 2  (57:40)
So so that's how quick and dirty on your profile, and it's a wonderful from Viola. And you know you're you're here, social is clear out there, until that's awesome. But it also like it means this speedy we talk for an hour, I think I had thought that we'd probably talked for 30 minutes of it's like, you know what? 

Speaker 2  (57:59)
That sounds 

Speaker 1  (57:59)
I always use up every look at time on every interview and people are like I'm sorry, I mean, people get picked up the phone at like 1030 and be like, hold on. I just gotta make this phone I was like, you gotta tell your next people that you're not really yeah. 

Speaker 4  (58:12)
And I said, this is an interview with a persuader, like we're probably gonna, we're probably going to find it. I don't know. 

Speaker 2  (58:20)
But we would, but how we would approach that in madulia is that you know we would know that and say, Hey, like it's feel like we're on a kind of crush. So we've been done. And so we would try to bring in structure and try to help with all the distractions and vice versus you're like, Hey, I need time because I need to You know, let it all out like we would figure out ways to 

Speaker 1  (58:45)
The Google form suggestion box. Check it out once a week. 

Speaker 2  (58:51)
That's really how culture index helps us, with that, the bus scenario, right? Is like getting in seeing our people and understand them, you can disagree with this. This isn't a 100% accurate, but like you know, because we're my social, our feelings are more likely to get hurt if somebody is like, just like a straight up j******, right? 

Speaker 2  (59:11)
So you know. If they knows that like if he wants to let me down on something he just needs to be like hella, that's dumb, like, you know, yes, tell me why it's not going to work or something like that. So yeah, it's an awesome tool we're loving it. 

Speaker 1  (59:26)
San seok won. 

Speaker 4  (59:28)
When you when we put this in place and we have our reps. I think this every 6 months or so, right. When we see that bottom wrap really start to change in those dots, we're really looking are those dots in the same sort of sequence that they are right, or are we starting to see things move across that line right? 

Speaker 4  (59:48)
And when we see that move across that line that that's an indicator of If we're asking them to do things they're not they're natural cells, right in like their natural tendencies and traits and desires. And when we do that, right? This dress is going to go up, we know that they're yeah, you know, they are ultimately burnout, is going to happen quicker, there's an idea, there's this, there's this philosophy or idea here that When somebody is living the, we think about burnout, as like, oh you're you know working long hours, but if you're working long hours, but then where you are naturally most you know, comfortable, you don't burn exactly. 

Speaker 4  (01:00:28)
I have this been a quarter of as many hours, I'm having to be. Somebody else and burn out quicker than working long hours. And so you know, we certainly I'm glad that you did bring this up. 

Speaker 4  (01:00:41)
I know this is going to kind of be our out here We're very intentional about when we go to hire somebody before we even I asked somebody to fill this out, we nailed down what rate profile we're actually looking for believe it, or not. You know you showed up exactly what what we're looking we're looking for at persuaders. Um for this position, so there is intentionality on that we know that you're going to want to bring big ideas to the table and then you're gonna wanna go talk about it. 

Speaker 4  (01:01:08)
And and so that's not something that we'd be afraid of one last caveat, on Kayla, that that D at green line through seed to the left, both Kayla and I actually and Stacey were all left in 1 Kayla mentioned that that you know that means for the black spot. You know, follow through her details, that's not always. The case usually means that we prefer not to To handle all the nitty gritty or follow the rules, right? 

Speaker 4  (01:01:33)
We want to kind of be out to the next thing like delegate that stuff and let's get out because our superpowers are up in those you know red and yellow dots. So you probably have fairly thick skin when somebody gives you feedback, you probably have You know, on on left in the y and d you probably have you know the ability to think outside of the box in certain situations, the right rules to you are probably more suggestions they are like I have to follow these. 

Speaker 1  (01:02:05)
Like, don't honk at people on the road. 

Speaker 4  (01:02:09)
And those are the things that a sales refereely needs to overcome like, if if you arrive at the line Di think we'd really be concerned about asking, you know you to come on and go out into our sales cycle in this because you know the ride a line D would be better served for like. Here's what you're gonna deal within a sales process. And it's going to be like this every single time, and you know you're gonna have to overcome 1 of 3 objected, you're never going to have to think outside the box, right? 

Speaker 4  (01:02:37)
That's not you here so I think that's the only other thing I'd add other than I hate that we have to like cut it. 

Speaker 3  (01:02:46)
No, I'll i'll close it up. 

Speaker 4  (01:02:48)
Yeah, and let us. You know, let let it's like Kayla Stacey and I sort of get together and kind of process this open. There's a discussion here and uh, I'm sure we'll be in contact to set up an additional if you don't conversation, but thank you so much for you know, for giving us the time and teaching us a little bit about Leah, and paso, the last thing I'll leave it with this. 

Speaker 4  (01:03:08)
A very similar track record you said, I don't know if anybody here has a chemistry background. I actually was integrated physiology in biochen, a major CU holder and got out and settling holy spokes. In 2008, when the economic crash happened, I was lucky enough to wear amgents that we're actually on hiring trees. 

Speaker 4  (01:03:29)
We don't want to move forward with hiring people. And that's kind of what started my own, that's great. Can definitely move. 

Speaker 1  (01:03:38)
Awesome. Well, thank you for your time and your extra 2 minutes. Listen last thing, I'd like to run interviews transcripts with ChatGPT and start asking every question I wanted, what question didn't she answer, how many things were Dodge? 

Speaker 1  (01:03:50)
Do you think this is a good candidate? What do you think about this person blah blah blah, I analyze all that stuff. So I love that you guys got the Gemini note Rock On with them. 

Speaker 1  (01:04:00)
I'm gonna try to keep my ideas like to the suggestion box. 

Speaker 4  (01:04:06)
Awesome, thanks, Leone. 

Speaker 1  (01:04:07)
Thank you. Appreciate, look forward here in backroom. 

Speaker 3  (01:04:11)
It says, let me attach the worry. 

Speaker 1  (01:04:14)
Alright, I'll be later, alright, thank you. Do you guys have any other questions for me? 

Speaker 3  (01:04:18)
Um no, we just went. I just really wanted to get to know you or who Leah is and like, hear your journey and your, you know why you are so curious. 

Speaker 1  (01:04:33)
You left by I spacey, cybone note taker, thank you for the interview. Oh no. 

Speaker 3  (01:04:38)
That's so free. I hit the space button and it keeps me. 

Speaker 1  (01:04:42)
I kept talking to your no taker you'll see that on the note taker, like I keep talking even when people disappear. 

Speaker 3  (01:04:50)
I really love I knew you were a persuader before you even cook it, that's why I called them. And I was like, I think we got a persuaded over here. You know, she she wants to go get her, she's really excited, I love talking to you, so I'm really glad that you divulged. 

Speaker 3  (01:05:04)
We do need a sales rep that is not afraid to go out there lean in get in front of insurance ages. Things like that to build those relationships, because they're funnels in keeping your lease alive. It is not where it's at that's one of our target audiences, then property managers, ea, please, it's like that. 

Speaker 2  (01:05:24)
Yeah, so. 

Speaker 1  (01:05:25)
Do you know Victor SIM seminara? It starts to ask. I don't know, it's funny, he's a State Farm Insurance agency. 

Speaker 1  (01:05:34)
He volunteers with me at the Longmont emergency unit. I already told him I was loading into roofing companies to say I need to know everybody doing roofing claims in a problem 

Speaker 3  (01:05:41)
I love that so how familiar I guess my an additional question is, how familiar are you with insurance paperwork supplements? Then any of that nitty Granny need help when it comes to like, have you worked in the insurance? Okay, all right, so we have. 

Speaker 3  (01:05:55)
We do have with your trainings. And we do have partnerships, like Gary cowboy is one of our biggest insurance reps, so part of this is getting drained inside of that specifically. So there is going to be learning and on both ends, because you create so much value and knowledge. 

Speaker 3  (01:06:12)
And you know when you were talking about your bird eyes. 

Speaker 1  (01:06:15)
Yeah, I'll send you the link to bird eye. 

Speaker 3  (01:06:17)
Nah, I'm I've. I pulled it up when you're popular lunch the part of me is building out a crazy. I think you have to hurt care representative package where it is just that soft touch behind the sales, grab like I got you any questions. 

Speaker 3  (01:06:31)
If here's a gift card, don't get a copy. I know it's loud and obnoxious when you're bringing for me. 

Speaker 1  (01:06:36)
Oh my God, oh wow. 

Speaker 3  (01:06:39)
It's really intentional, because although I'm not showing app in my book, the profile is super empathetic, I'm very empathetic with people and I want to be taken care of through, really stressful process. That's why I leaned in when you said when you were getting your mortgages, you know. When that whole thing went down, I used to work in the mortgage industry as a processor and it's it. 

Speaker 3  (01:07:00)
It's uncomfortable and I felt I felt like compelled to, I've nurtured them and take care of them. And that's what I want to do is kind of like the proofing you know, industry is to bring that crossed element that men do have, but women have it. 

Speaker 1  (01:07:15)
You know, absolutely? 

Speaker 3  (01:07:17)
I love that. I'm really excited to to collaborate with them. I know they had another meeting that needed to go to so I'm going to take all of this stuff, but I want it to, you know, pick your braid a little bit about the ChatGPT thing and I'm going to put it in there. 

Speaker 3  (01:07:28)
I just, I think you're a welcome knowledge, and I'm really excited to further a conversation. 

Speaker 1  (01:07:33)
Thank you. I look forward to hearing back from you guys again and joining the team and and the adding value always. 

Speaker 3  (01:07:41)
Yeah, and I love that you are not afraid to bring ideas. You're like, what why are you doing it like that? But this could just make your life so much easier like I live for that stuff, because I'm not I'm not passionate about technology, I appreciate it, I love you later what you need to do and use it, and then I just peek out on how wonderful fabulous that is. 

Speaker 3  (01:08:04)
So I think there's a really good, healthy balance here in cells. 

Speaker 1  (01:08:07)
Awesome. 

Speaker 2  (01:08:09)
Alright. 

Speaker 3  (01:08:10)
Have a great weekend and then I will. You'll collaborate with them? And then I'll reach back out. 

Speaker 1  (01:08:15)
Awesome. Thank you so much Stacey. Have a great weekend, you too, bye same one? 

Speaker 1  (01:08:20)
Thank you too. 
